Add TestGrid Documentation and Linting (#10)
CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs: README.md

# ocp-ci-docs

Scenario onboarding documentation for OpenShift CI created by the CSPI team

## Contributing

### Best Practices

- Ensure any new document is linked properly in the [`docs/SUMMARY.md`](docs/SUMMARY.md) file. This is how GitBook will present documents in the generated webpage.
- All pull requests into the `main` branch of this repository should come from a branch in your [personal fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks) of the repository.
- Do **NOT** push any changes to the `main` branch of this repository. Any changes to this branch must go through the [pull request process](#pull-requests).

### Pull Requests

- All pull requests must be reviewed by another member of the team before being merged.
- Do not merge your own pull request. Ask a reviewer who performed a final review of your changes to merge your pull request when you are ready.
- All pull requests must pass [linting](#linting) before being merged. This check will occur when a pull request is created in GitHub actions.

### Linting

> - This repository uses [`markdownlin-cli2`](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2) as its linter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This repository uses [`markdownlint-cli2`](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2) as its linter.
```

# ocp-ci-docs

Scenario onboarding documentation for OpenShift CI created by the CSPI team

## Contributing

### Best Practices

- Ensure any new document is linked properly in the [`docs/SUMMARY.md`](docs/SUMMARY.md) file. This is how GitBook will present documents in the generated webpage.
- All pull requests into the `main` branch of this repository should come from a branch in your [personal fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks) of the repository.
- Do **NOT** push any changes to the `main` branch of this repository. Any changes to this branch must go through the [pull request process](#pull-requests).

### Pull Requests

- All pull requests must be reviewed by another member of the team before being merged.

> - Don't merge your own pull request. Ask someone that did a final review of your changes to merge your pull request when you are ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do not merge your own pull request. Ask a reviewer who performed a final review of your changes to merge your pull request when you are ready.
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

- All pull requests must pass [linting](#linting) before being merged. This check will occur when a pull request is created in GitHub actions.

### Linting

> - This repository uses [`markdownlin-cli2`](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2) as it's linter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This repository uses [`markdownlin-cli2`](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2) as its linter.
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

- The [rules](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/main/doc/Rules.md) used for linting can be found in the [`.markdownlint.json`](.markdownlint.json) file.

> - Passing the linting is required for merge requests. The GitHub action that enforces that rule can be found at [`.github/workflows/pull_request.yml`](.github/workflows/pull_request.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passing the linting is required for pull requests. The GitHub action that enforces that rule can be found at [`.github/workflows/pull_request.yml`](.github/workflows/pull_request.yml).
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All pull requests are required to pass linting. The GitHub action that enforces that rule can be found at [`.github/workflows/pull_request.yml`](.github/workflows/pull_request.yml).
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

> - To test linting in your local environment prior to creating a pull requests (**recommended**), use the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) [hook](.pre-commit-config.yaml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To test linting in your local environment prior to creating a pull request (**recommended**), use the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) [hook](.pre-commit-config.yaml):
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

  1. [Install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install), if you haven't already

>   2. Execute `pre-commit run --all-files` in the root of your local copy of this repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. [Install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install), if you haven't already.
  2. Execute `pre-commit run --all-files` in the root of your local copy of this repository.
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

  3. Fix any errors reported by that command.
   

> ### MarkDown Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Markdown Resources
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

#### Documentation

- [Official Markdown Documentation](https://www.markdownguide.org/getting-started/)
- [Mermaid Documentation](https://mermaid.js.org/intro/)

>   - Used to dynamically generate flow (and other) charts within Markdown

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Used to dynamically generate flowcharts and other diagrams within Markdown
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

#### Editors

> - [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown) **Recommended**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown) (**_Recommended_**)
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)

- [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/markdown.html)
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
- [Remarkable](https://remarkableapp.github.io/index.html)

#### Plugins

> **NOTE:** 

> > As our recommended editor, these plugins are specific to Visual Studio Code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> These plugins are specific to Visual Studio Code, our recommended editor:
```

Author: Resolved in [**39fe241**7dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7](https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/10/commits/39fe2417dca0aa2df5e3e0cb4676f4fa7ac99bf7)
